feat: added flag allowing to change language without full page reload (#6752)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/docs/getting-started/internationalization.md

  },
};
```
## Page reload on language change

> By default, the page is reloading while changing language.
> 
> To prevent this, you can set `reloadOnLanguageChange: false`  in the `i18n` configartion object in the `nuxt.config.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the page is reloading after changing the language. To prevent this, you can set `reloadOnLanguageChange: false`  in the `i18n` configuration object in the `nuxt.config.js`.
```

```js
// nuxt.config.js

export default {
  i18n: {
    reloadOnLanguageChange: false,
  },
};
```

> ::: tip
> Even though the page will not reload, this will not make all data to be translated automatically.
> :::
> 
> Static strings will be translated out of the box, but for data coming from api it will not happen.
> You need to watch for language change and refetch data with new locale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that some data will not be translated without a full page reload. Nuxt will automatically translate static strings, but it won't pull new data from the API. You must watch for language changes and re-fetch data with the new locale.
```
